so Tiki Barber is unruh tiring and
coming back to the NFL and he has no one
to blame but that hot 23 year old
college shit he was hanging out with
this is walk off two from Arlington
Texas junior you know what's up and
you're checking out Junior sports freak
so I'm pretty sure by now you heard Tiki
Barber he's unretired he's coming back
to the NFL and by the way the New York
Giants they don't want the guy they will
probably release some but i'll talk
about that in a second and te sole
motivation than coming back is oh you
know what I see my twin brother Ron day
playing for the Bucs at 36 years old I
can come back and do the same damn thing
won't look people sounds like bullying
me let's read between the lines real
quick at this time last year the whole
story came out about how he was cheating
on his wife with some intern at his job
up at NBC and what's up to everybody at
Rockefeller Center what's up guys but
besides that his wife just had another
two kids I think they have four kids
total so it doesn't take a genius to go
okay Tiki stepped outside his marriage
okay his wife sued him he has to pay
child support the man is broke she
probably ran that man through the
cleaners and tiki Barber got fired and
the last job he had was at Yahoo Sports
I mean you go from NBC on TV The Today
Show and now your horn yahoo sports and
shout outs to everybody all the
wonderful people at yahoo sports but
Tiki Barber let's face it the guy is
probably broke I mean who the hell wants
to hang out with 300-pound men when you
can sit up in a studio with flashing
lights and get hot and get paid a good
amount of money I'm pretty sure Tiki
Barber doesn't have a huge desire to
come back but the guy has to make a
living and he has to get paid but I
guess that's what you're doing you're
married i guess you just saw you forget
your wife and go hang out with the young
hot ass I mean I'm not married yet I
have no clue but maybe that's what
you're doing the future I mean maybe
I'll do that I doubt it but I'm gonna
get myself in trouble Tiki Barber man
stop playing people you're coming back
for the money it'll be interesting to
see how
compete I mean you got fresh legs the
Giants don't want you back I mean you
basically badmouth everybody in
organization Tom Coughlin doesn't want
to look at you and you even missed out
on the Giants Super Bowl so Tiki it's
not a good look for you I hope that girl
gave you the business this is junior go
find me on Twitter go find me on
Facebook is Tiki Barber gonna be
productive probably laid it down in the
bedroom but on the football field I am
out now peace